hello shale and is present
in languages ​​to kill the system
the cellar with nicolas of channel he will us
introduce the new mayor
hello in the horizon with the new
Channel mark muller the first vehicle
totally sport the dedicate this market the
dollar so a nice feature
we have the engine but here it is the most
powerful side-by-side industry
for the moment with his five horses
so a good 15 % more than the competitor
the closest
we left to arrive at 100 hp east
roughly speaking with the same material as
found in our mountain bike increase
power with an increase the flow
of air that will be the engine one also
increase the compression ratio change
intake and outlet valves
in terms of suspension
we have here 14 pose of deflection to
the front and back at the front one
uses a double arm system with
a geometry that is modified by
compared to that of the commander for price
for pride feeling on the handlebar that is
lighter at the back we use our
grant called line which is
actually one against a situation at five
jackpot but a more compact version
comparatively what except presently
on the market with the benefits of having
no change of parallelism very
very little shifting the weakest in
done and no change of kemble by
give an explanation to ice and
unsuspended weight level the pole
suspended the weakest given the
compact version compared to
two other competition system on the 3rd
April to 5 arms of competitors at
level of ergonomics inside this
wine found in the commander
so with the the passenger position which
is adjustable back forward as well as the
height guide that is adjustable and
then at the back we find the same
arm found on our vtt with the
task system the quick accessory
the link so the majority whose
creation is incompatible for this
vehicle 6 also and then from a point
of view
models available here we have the version
is also a basic model which
distinguishes the x ars version of the version
basic
we are talking about the list of dampers or
four points which are the new 2.5
inches in diameter of fox so
completely adjustable in compression
speed bounce at report level
at the level where we have wheels here at
income rings or bides the
functional so not just for the
look here the other technical elements
give the coloring the frame and the
handlebars and the seats that are other
play against 9 on the whole ex
compared to the model
so big thank you nicolas baumard and
so
no
at